So time to dive into the course.
And of course I want to ensure that you get the most out of it.
Now the best way or the first thing you should do is watch videos that's super important.
Watch the videos.
Post them if I am moving too fast or if you need to think about something.
Feel free to reduce the playback speed or increase it.
If I'm going too fast or slow make sure that you adjust everything to your needs and watch the videos.
But don't forget to zip code along.
We built an entire project in this course and you'll learn the most if you write de-code for your own.
There'll be mistakes from time to time and data is where you learn the most.
If there are mistakes debark them on your own first you can find my source code attached to many lectures
for the course as well as the last lecture of each module and I did attach to code there so did you
have a convenient way of comparing your code to mine and find out what's causing death specific error
you're getting.
If you absolutely can't find a solution.
Feel free to ask him to Q&A section and I'll be more than happy to help you there.
But also try helping average students dare answer questions because and that is something I emphasize
in every course I create.
This is how you learn the most.
I get so many students telling me Hey I started answering and that really helped me learn whatever the
course taught.
And it's true you'll learn far more if you answer it because we're Denne challenged to think about a
problem and come up with a solution which is always harder than asking but it's always where you learn
the most and nothing can go wrong.
The answer is wrong or incomplete.
Well then someone's going to correct you and then you'll learn again.
So definitely give this a try.
And with that you've got all the tools you need to get a lot out of this course and to learn.
Next genius.
So let's dive in and let's dive into the next module where we start working with next.